What's up everyone? Welcome back to
another video. I know it's been a long
time. A ton of you guys have been
messaging me on Instagram asking me to
start making more informative content
and I thought it'd be a great idea. So,
here we are. Really though, just to have
a nice resource guide to look back on is
pretty cool as well and to share some of
my experiences on a deeper level. So,
before I get into this video, I do want
to apologize for this jank setup I have
here. I'm in a Wei work at the moment,
which is basically like a co-working
space where you pay subscription fee and
you get access to a bunch of little
rooms and communal areas to work. And I
like to work in an environment, but we
are here in the beautiful Buenos Iris. I
don't know if you can see, the city is
amazing. It's almost like Paris and
Barcelona if it were a combined city.
And I suggest anyone that loves those
two cities that they got to try Bueno
Zarus out. and I don't see myself
leaving anytime soon. Anyways, you guys
probably already know from the title of
this video, but I'm going to show you
how I was able to profit over $80,000.
Yes, profit over $80,000
the first month of this year being
January. And I know some of you guys
might have a hard time believing that,
but that's what we have an analytics
dashboard for. We shall hop into La
Computadora. All right, so we are in the
Shopify dashboard. So, let's go in to
the first month, January 1st through the
31st.
138,36248.
Now, let's go to funnel shoot. Let's do
the full month.
Bam. And then we can even do the first
through. What's today's the 27th? Let's
164. Same here. Just for all the
naysayers, the doubt.
Bum bum bum. There you go. So, what the
did I do? The main objective for month
one at least was these three things.
Start pushing organic marketing on all
platforms. Okay. Two, retarget all of
that organic traffic using funnels,
Facebook adunnels, Tik Tok adfunnels.
and three, lots of branding tactics. So,
let's go over all these more in depth
right now. So, to gear more towards
pushing organic marketing on all
platforms, what exactly does that mean?
Well, that means to push on as many
platforms as you can. That being YouTube
shorts, Pinterest, Google, Tik Tok,
Instagram reels, pushing as much content
as you can to get as much reach. Okay?
So, this isn't really hard. You just
have to dedicate time, okay? And if
you're like me, you're going to hire out
a dedicated team to do so. But I know
that a lot of you guys can't do that
because you're starting from the ground
up. That's completely fine. As long as
you guys are making two to three Tik
Toks a day, and then removing those
watermarks, putting them onto YouTube
shorts and Instagram reels, you're going
to see that you're going to get really
good results and your engagement is
going to skyrocket
because you're going on all these
platforms. Now, Instagram reels might go
viral. Tik Tok might not go viral. Had
videos where they go crazy viral, 10 15
million views. On Tik Tok, couple
thousand. On Instagram reels, same thing
on Tik Tok, thousand views. And then on
Instagram reels, 670,000 views. YouTube
Shorts, it's all relative. And it's all
contingent on the audiences that they
push it out to and whether or not they
perform, whether or not those people
like it, and if they push on to other
batches of people. And now what I've
found that works best for me in terms of
content is just to keep it simple. We
don't we don't care about a $10,000
video anymore. We don't care about a
$10,000 camera, $5,000 lens, whatever.
This is all that I have my content team
using. and any influencer the iPhone
because what's happening is that content
is starting to shift and what people
want to see is they want to see iPhone
content. They want to see imperfect
content is what they're already seeing
on Tik Tok and that's shifting towards
Instagram that's shifting towards all
the other YouTube shorts, all these
other platforms to where that's all
people want to see. They don't want to
see salesy videos. They don't want to
see any form of desperation. and they
don't want to see buy now, buy now, buy
now everywhere cuz that is an immediate
turnoff. So, a little strategy that I've
been using is not even posting where to
get my product, just putting it out
there. If people want to buy it, they
will find a way to buy it. So, a lot of
the times is they'll put these comments,
where can I buy this? Where can I buy
this? Where can I buy this? And what
does that do? That fuels the algorithm
more and more and more comments and then
people respond to those comments. Oh,
you get it from Andy's brand link in
bio. So that ends up fueling the
algorithm more and more to where you're
going to start to see your results
really skyrocket again. So now let's go
over retargeting the organic traffic
from all these platforms. So how do we
do that? First thing I like to do is
make sure that I have my email marketing
funnel and SMS marketing funnels all in
place. And then of course having your
Facebook. So with email marketing and
SMS marketing, they have to put their
email or their their phone number in and
then they are in your funnel. But with
Facebook, it's even crazier. All they
have to do is go onto your website and
perform any action. Simply even going
onto your website and they are
automatically in your funnel. And this
is all thanks to the Facebook pixel.
Same thing with Tik Tok. Your Facebook
pixel is essentially the brain of your
website. If you don't have your Facebook
pixel installed in your website, then
Facebook has no idea who anyone is that
visits your website. But if you do have
it, they now know who you are. So if I
go and visit your website, they know
everything about me. They know who my
family members are. They know how old I
am. They know my hometown. They know
everything. They know all my actions
that I perform on Instagram, on
Facebook. So with all this data I can
utilize that when I go and retarget. So
what I can do for example is make a
simple audience a website visitor
audience. I can go and create anyone
that has there we go with the Shopify. I
can make a custom audience of anyone in
the past 7 days that has been on my
website in the past seven days. And I
can exclude anyone that's purchased. So
that becomes a block. anyone that has
visited my website in the past seven
days. Now, I can create a campaign,
target these exact people. Let's say
it's 10,000 people. I can make an ad
that says, "Okay, here, let's give you a
20% discount code. Just these people
that have visited my website in the past
7 days." I can do the same thing with
people that have added to cart but have
not completed the checkout. I will set a
little list of some of the audiences
that I would suggest you guys to target.
You could go and create an audience
block of people that have website
visited in the past 30 days, but make
sure to exclude people that have
purchased in the past 30 days. So, you
have that exclusion block. And then now
we're on to branding strategies. So,
there's so many things that you can do
with branding. So, you want to really
focus on providing value and also
connecting with your audience, right?
So, ways that you can do that, what I
like to do is put in a card basically
saying, "Hey, look, we're doing a
giveaway right now. We're going to offer
you either like a cash giveaway or a
product giveaway for the best video. You
go push out this video and you're going
to see a lot of organic content around
your brand." And that really helps fuel
your brand's awareness. And believe it
or not, some of the best marketing is
simply word of mouth. And also, you want
to connect with your community and make
people feel a part of something. Once
you start to provide value, you're going
to see that you're going to start
selling more, right? So, how do you
provide value to your customers? So,
one, custom packaging. Have really nice
custom packaging. Two, work with your
manufacturer to get very high quality
products. You can also work on getting a
really good customer support, hiring out
a great team, spending that extra couple
dollars to get faster shipping times.
All these things, the culmination of all
these things are really going to help
your brand do well in the long run.
Longevity is the goal and what a lot of
you guys should be focusing on.
Short-term stuff doesn't work. Now, I
appreciate every one of you guys that
watched this entire video. If you
enjoyed it, please subscribe and like.
I'm going to be posting tons of more
content just like this. So stay tuned.
I'll see you guys.